#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
Summary of Assignments and Accomplishments:
1.	Delivered use cases like Alert and Notifications – Definition and Display, Audit Log, Error management [from solutions till Signed off]
2.	Actively involved in review of use cases – specially Work pack1 – Given technical feasibility
3.	Given technical guidance to dev team to create POC demonstrating Webflow, Worflow (Activtiti 5.10), jQuery, jGgrid, Kendo UI for Air, Accommodation use cases. 
4.	Created Configuration Management document – delivered 
5.	Created Build Architecture document 
6.	Technology Stack – created various assessments e.g. Caching
7.	Involved in various NFRs discussion : since initial owner of NFR, I was answerable for various topics
8.	Created Environment Documents and installation strategies for Oracle Database, Weblogic Server.
9.	Largely involved in major Technology Decisions with Oracle i.e. for SOA suite, ADFs
10.	System Context Diagram – created and delivered.
11.	Created Solution strategy (architecture level) – Caching, Security [initial]
12.	Owning common Platform – strategy and implementation of various common platforms like Alerts & Notification, Audit Log, Exception Handling, Persistence, multi lingual, user management etc.
13.	Review of impacted areas and guidance – Database, development of common functionalities, helping development team in terms of review and any technical clarification

2.	Successes and Improvement Areas:
a.	Delivery of User Cases
b.	Delivery of Configuration Management Document (CMP) 
c.	Development setup with SVN and Maven
d.	System Context Document 
e.	Implementation of Reference Masters, Persistence Laye

3.	Learning Discussed
Review, Writing Use Cases, 
System Context Diagram – understood various factors about System Context diagram
Oracle Coherence – Given me more insight about various caching strategies

4.	Support & Enablement Required for Future Improvement:
a.	SOA Suite Training at least.
b.	
5.	Plan for Next Quarter:
Delivery of Common Platform with its implementation
SOA Suite based application strategy – it may need to strategize build, package
6.	Specific Remarks:
a.	Persistence Platform which would be going to include various other cross cutting functionalities like History, Audit log , multi lingual, would save substantial effort in development and enable consistency in development