#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =
1.	Usability – not clear  e.g. How to land up to a product creation screen. Also grids mentioned in use cases must be detailed out. Suggested someone must look at the requirement from Usability perspective.
2.	Organization Hierarchy implemented inconsistently in Air, Accommodation, White Label. We believe it must be consistent across all use cases. 
3.	Org Hierarchy and User Management from security perspective must be completed prior to any product/supplier/client use case. We do not see user management updated use case at this juncture. And hence no clarity on user roles for managing the product/supplier/client entities.
4.	Use cases are not in sync with CBR (Common Business Rule) document. Also use case specific BR (Business Rule) contradict with CBR, and reference to CBR are missing. All BAs need to have common understanding of CBR, Common Workflow, Org Hierarchy and User Management use cases.
5.	Activity Diagrams are not consistent across use cases for common flows. E.g. workflow activities. Interpretation leading different meaning to different persons. 
6.	Certain standards scenarios like search, add, edit, save, submit are common across the use cases and expecting language to be written in standard way. While every use case has been written differently in their own different languages 
7.	Most of the sections across all uses cases are marked as ‘None’, e.g. Multi Lingual. If this is the case across all use cases, those sections must be removed and a line against these sections must be mentioned as assumptions about their considerations if required. Also in data elements section of uses cases, width column (size of attributes) marked ‘?’, all the attributes for multilingual, white label columns marked ‘N’, which it seems requirements are missing on these. It looks very vague.
8.	As per a comment from DY for Air use case – upload of Logo : Logo upload is part of  standalone upload functionality. If it is going to be a standalone, whether this is going to be discuss with customer and to have a separate use case of standalone upload functionality? It must be cleared out. And  use cases must be updated accordingly.
9.	Some common features like Activation/Deactivation, ancillary attachment [refer ancillary section for Air and Accommodation use cases] to a product are depicted inconsistent way. It leads confusion. Refer these sections [wireframes] for Air and Accommodations use cases. If features are common across all use case, make all BAs working on product must be aware of common functionalities.
10.	Validations on attributes [data elements] to be more detailed out.  E.g. Activation/Deactivation period – ‘from date’ cannot be after ‘to date’.  Do we have any plan for common validation rules? Where we can find these details. 
11.	In BR (Business Rule) section of use cases, about search it is mentioned like validations will be triggered prior to result fetch, but these validations are missing. 
12.	Attributes required for Supplier mapping are missing. At this point it is expected, this mapping to be highlighted against the data elements in the use cases. 