UC: CKIL_056103
1. As per use case in Add screen Template Id would be pre populated and read only. According to me it would 
    be auto generated. 
2. There is a facility to Activate/Deactivate Template Master, is approval workflow applicable for the same.
3. If there is no approval workflow applicable for this use case then default value for status should be Activated   
    not Deactivated.
4. Validation rules are missing for field attributes.
5. What is url location/url name. It should be explained a bit.
6. Template ID will probably be auto generated and it will be a complex identifier. Do we think business user will able to remember the generated ID.
7. How template layout will be previewed? missing. Even I know preview feature will be available with defining a white lable.
8. No of slots: I think there will be a area in every template, where different images will be displayed. I think there will be more elements in every template those could 
vary from template to template. We should also pickup these.

UC: CKIL_056104
1. There should always be a save before submit.
2. Whom to send the approval where need to be configure?
4. From where we need to create White label attribute.
5. Other consideration need to be specify.
6. Mention about the Relative or Absolute path for the "Wait Page" field.
7. Use case have the common definition for the Multilingual and White label.
8. City, Country, Contact us, Static content header Toll free field need to be include for Multilingual support.
9. Need to add the more error message for numeric field.
10. Select event need to be change with Save event in Manage White label data- Screen-1
11. In the wireframe Select button need to be change with Save White label data- Screen-2.
12. Before click to Submit button data should save in the DB.
13.It is not clear from the use case about the approval workflow. Which workflow need to be trigger? what all the activity need to be associated that workflow?
14.Need to be add more detail about workflow associated with the mange White label data process.
15. What all the fields need security consideration like Enabled/Read-only according to Role.
16. When the publish will be performed? nowhere mentioned...