High Avaialability / Fault Tolerance Questionare
1. How much data loss is acceptible?
2. What is acceptible recovery time? How much downtime can you afford in case of a failure?
3. What is budget for database fault - tolerance/high availability solution?
4. Are there dependant databses?
5. Are there tables that are modified more than others?
6. What is size of databases that needs to be backed up?
7. What is the maintenance window for the creation of backup?
8. What media will be used of backup?
9. Does your application require recovery to the last backup or to a point in time?
	a. If point -in - time what transaction log back interval do you require ?
10. What, if any, is your retention requirement for past backups?
11. Are the backups regularly tested so they are working? Have you ever trie to recover data from your current backup system?
12. Are the backups monitored for failure? Do you get notificaiton of success or error in backup on daily basis?
13. Do have a system in place that alleviates human error?
14. Can you recover lost data if your offices are not accessible?/ can you access backed up data from remote location?
15. can you gauranteed that your backed up data is secure and proprietary? is the  databack  up media (i.e. Harddrive or tapes ) are transferred in secure, controlled manner since it contains all data for your entire business ?
16. Is your system immune to compute viruses that could wipe out your harddrive?
17. Can you predicts or controll hardware malfunctions?




Documentation & Training 
	What kind of documentation is required and who will be the users of the documentation? 
	How quickly should a brand new user be up and running on the system? 
	Is there a need for context sensitive help? 
Performance Characteristics 
	Are there any speed, throughput, or response time constraints on the system? 
	Are there size or capacity constraints on the data to be processed by the system? 
	Do performance requirements vary by: time of day, day of the week, type of user, etc.? 
Error Handling and Extreme Conditions 
	How should the system respond to input errors? 
	Is there a need to track errors via a mechanism such as error logging? 
	Are there expectations on reporting errors: per categories, by business channel, etc.? 
External Interfaces & Interoperability 
	Is there data coming from (going to) external systems? 
	Are there restrictions on the format or medium that must be used for input or output? 
	How must the data exchange with external systems function: real-time, hourly, daily, etc.? 
System Modifications 
	What parts of the system are likely candidates for later modification? 
	What types of modifications are expected? 
	How often do you expect the system will need to be modified? 
Security 
	What data managed by the system must be secure? 
	Who, when, where should be able to access the system? 
	is A single password required to log in to access all your applications?
	
Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity 
	How often will the system be backed up? 
	Who will be responsible for the back up? 
	What data must be saved in case of a disaster? 
	How quickly after a major disaster must the system be up and running? 
	What is the acceptable system downtime per 24-hour period? 


	
“Search items” user story		
	what is expected average response time?	1 sec
	what is the max response time that is acceptable?	5 sec
	are there times during the day when slower response time is acceptable? Is so, what times?	No
“Receive notifications” user story		
	how soon should the user receive a notification after an item is shipped?	1 hr
	what is the longest acceptable delay in sending it?	12 hrs


“Search items” user story		
	should the search functionality be secured?	no
	if so, how should the users be authenticated?	n/a
	are there different types of users accessing this functionality? explain?	n/a
“Receive notification” user story		
	how should the notification be received by the user?	email
	should the notification sending mechanism be secured?	no
	are there guaranteed delivery expectations? explain?	no