There is one point which we missed to discuss yesterday on the credentials. Note that when we do a white label for B2C, the credentials that need to be used will be the B2C credentials of the suppliers. Similarly , when we do a White label for B2B, the credentials used should be that of B2B of. the suppliers. The same extends for the MARKETS and we need to use the market wise credentials  wherever applicable.

= Following elements in the current system are configurable for WL:  = 

  # Location of  Links such as Contact Us, Member Login, Toll Free Numbers, Logo
  # Content of the links such as Contact details, Toll Free numbers can  be changed.
  # Logos on headers, invoices, vouchers.
  # All logos on documentation that will be sent to end consumer.
  # Payment Gateway terminal name.
  # SEO Content on the Home Page 
  # LHS and RHS
  # Country city list on the home pages, registration pages, billing pages.
  # Fav Icon 
  # Footer links to be  placed on the footer ( addition/ deletion)
  # Static content  on the footer links. 
  # Logos on the footer for VeriSign etc 
  # Email ids for emails sent from the application.
  # Currency








Path Considerations
  # Path of the URL should not expose that the website is a White Label
  # White Label will be extended to one level of B2B only. E.g. Liberty Travels is a B2B Agent operating in all 3 ways. Liberty Travels also has sub agents defined. As such, these sub-agents will not see a different facade in case of White Labels option... 